feat: Add the ability to prime a breaker with previous stats (#568)
nodeshift/opossum: README.md

breaker.fire(20000, 1, 2, 3);
breaker.fallback((delay, a, b, c) => `Sorry, out of service right now. But your parameters are: ${delay}, ${a}, ${b} and ${c}`);
```
### Status Initialization

> There may be times where you will need to pre-populate the stats of the Circuit Breaker Status Object.  The major use case for this is in a serverless functions environment,  or in a container based deployment, where the container being deployed is ephemeral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be times where you will need to pre-populate the stats of the Circuit Breaker Status Object.  Primary use cases for this are in a serverless environment such as Knative or AWS Lambda, or any container based platform, where the container being deployed is ephemeral.
```
A couple of wording tweaks here, to emphasize that this isn't just for functions.

Getting the existing cumalative stats for a breaker can be done like this:

```

> const stats = breaker.status.stats;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const stats = breaker.stats;
```

There's actually a convenience function for this on `Circuit`

Author: i knew that :)
